swarm: add notes about swarm usage, and relation to compose (#17425)
docker/docs: _includes/swarm-mode.md

> **Note**
>

> > Swarm mode is an advanced feature of Docker Engine and Docker Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Swarm mode is an advanced feature of Docker Engine and Docker Desktop,
```

> > It's useful for managing a cluster of Docker daemons.

Reviewer: This could be tidied slightly maybe…

```suggestion
> useful for managing a cluster of Docker daemons.
```

>

> > Swarm mode is useful if you intend to use Swarm as a production runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use Swarm mode if you intend to use Swarm as a production runtime
```

> environment. If you're not planning on deploying with Swarm,

> > use [Docker Compose](/compose/) instead.

Reviewer 2: This may be a bit confusing because swarm itself is not directly related to compose (or stack deploy), as you may be running `docker service` commands without using `docker stack`.

So perhaps we need to only put this include in pages describing `docker stack`

Author: OK, let me make this change

Author: I updated now, still including the note on the "index" page for swarm, but removing it from other pages except stack deploy. Also included it under get-started/swarm-deploy.

> > environment. If you're not planning on using Swarm in production,
> > use [Docker Compose](/compose/) instead.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> environment. If you're not planning on deploying with Swarm,
> you should likely prefer [Docker Compose](/compose/) instead.
```

Author: I'll change the first part to say "deploying with Swarm," but I don't think "you should likely prefer" is better wording than "use".

Reviewer 3: Fair enough; I was trying to convey "this makes sense for most users," but honestly "use" is probably fine -- if this advice doesn't apply to you, you likely know.
